I've broken up the thing into statements of facts and then connected a statement of research to it. The summary is at the bottom under the third line.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A LITTLE GUN HISTORY

1. In 1929, the Soviet Union established gun control. From 1929 to 1953, about 20 million dissidents, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.

2. In 1911, Turkey established gun control. From 1915 to 1917, 1.5 million Armenians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.

3. Germany established gun control in 1938 and from 1939 to 1945, a total of 13 million Jews and others who were unable to defend themselves were rounded up and exterminated.

4. China established gun control in 1935. From 1948 to 1952, 20 million political dissidents, unable to defend themselves were rounded up and exterminated.

5. Guatemala established gun control in 1964. From 1964 to 1981, 100,000 Mayan Indians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.

6. Uganda established gun control in 1970. From 1971 to 1979, 300,000 Christians, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.

7. Cambodia established gun control in 1956. From 1975 to 1977, one million educated people, unable to defend themselves, were rounded up and exterminated.

8. 56 million defenseless people rounded up and exterminated in the 20th Century because of gun control:

9. You won't see this data on the US evening news, or hear politicians disseminating this information.

10. Guns in the hands of honest citizens save lives and property and, yes, gun-control laws adversely affect only the law-abiding citizens.

Take note my fellow Americans, before it's too late!

The next time someone talks in favor of gun control, please remind them of this history lesson.

11. With guns, we are "citizens". Without them, we are "subjects".

12. During WWII the Japanese decided not to invade America because they knew most Americans were ARMED!

If you value your freedom, please spread this antigun-control message to all of your friends.

13. SWITZERLAND ISSUES EVERY HOUSEHOLD A GUN!
14. SWITZERLAND'S GOVERNMENT TRAINS EVERY ADULT THEY ISSUE A RIFLE.
15. SWITZERLAND HAS THE LOWEST GUN RELATED CRIME RATE OF ANY CIVILIZED COUNTRY IN THE WORLD!!!
16. IT'S A NO BRAINER!
17. DON'T LET OUR GOVERNMENT WASTE MILLIONS OF OUR TAX DOLLARS IN AN EFFORT TO MAKE ALL LAW ABIDING CITIZENS AN EASY TARGET.

Spread the word everywhere you can that you are a firm believer in the 2nd Amendment!

18. It's time to speak loud before they try to silence and disarm us.

19. You're not imagining it, history shows that governments always manipulate tragedies to attempt to disarm the people.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Appears to be true on the surface. However, it is disingenous: The Bolsheveiks and later the USSR were afraid of revolt because they represented a very small minority of the views of the population, were constantly starving people, and taking away their land. This had little to do with gun control, but I'll award a point for technically correct here. (Here is a pretty good conversation about it: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/1c65dc/how_common_was_gun_ownership_in_the_soviet_union/) However I'm then going to remove the point because holy hell, attributing 20 million deaths to gun control during Stalin's reign of terror might be the most assinine thing I've seen in a long time. Let's break it down a little:

I'm going to quote a Russian Author (source: http://www.ibtimes.com/how-many-people-did-joseph-stalin-kill-1111789): "1 million imprisoned or exiled between 1927 to 1929; 9 to 11 million peasants forced off their lands and another 2 to 3 million peasants arrested or exiled in the mass collectivization program; 6 to 7 million killed by an artificial famine in 1932-1934; 1 million exiled from Moscow and Leningrad in 1935; 1 million executed during the ''Great Terror'' of 1937-1938; 4 to 6 million dispatched to forced labor camps; 10 to 12 million people forcibly relocated during World War II; and at least 1 million arrested for various “political crimes” from 1946 to 1953."

If we attribute all of these deaths to gun control then you'd also have to attribute them to lack of gun control. Because it was access to firearms that allowed the Russian Revolution of 1917 to begin with. This becomes a really pointless exercise really quickly. These deaths were not due to gun control. After World War II people in Russia had firearms. Hell, you can still buy WWII tanks in Russia. There isn't an access problem. And if there isn't an access problem you cannot attribute blame to it.

2. This is also bullshit. This was in the middle of WWI. People had access to guns. This once again illustrates not that gun control is bad, but rather that systemic oppresion and nationalism can blind people to horrors being committed. Source: http://www.nytimes.com/ref/timestopics/topics_armeniangenocide.html

3. I don't actually have words for this one. Someone has to be really messed up to try to tell me that a civilian population was going to somehow oppose the German War Machine at the height of it's power. A war machine that rolled all of mainland europe and part of Russia. A war machine that without the US's takes out every other major superpower. The allies (not including the USSR or China) had roughly 1.7 Million Military Deaths. Including the USSR who also fought Germany brings us to roughly ~12 million MILITARY DEATHS. Those are trained soldiers. Any claim here is so full of bullshit it hurts my brain. Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_War_II_casualties

4. This one might be stupider. Gun Control had little to do with the Famines of China during Mao. It had little to do with dissidents. Everyone who died was not a dissident. Source: https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/books/news/maos-great-leap-forward-killed-45-million-in-four-years-2081630.html

Now you can argue, well if they had guns they would have stood up to Mao. That argument would probably carry more weight if Mao hadn't have come to power by fighting and winning a civil war. They used guns in that and it didn't matter.

5. On this one, I'm not sure what his point is because the US government supported the government that committed the crimes. (Sources: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guatemalan_genocide) But more generally the mayan indians weren't the people they took guns from. That doesn't make sense.

6. Okay... Really? An entire continent embroiled in Civil Wars, with colonial powers still there and lack of access to guns is what allowed Id Amin to flourish? No. I'm not even sourcing this. I refuse. Look, here's the deal. Africa, since WWII has basically had a country surrounding Uganda in Civil War the whole time. They've had more access to guns and firearms then the US has ever had. THis is a systemic oppression issue.

7. Same thing. This is at the height of the Coke Wars. Access to firearms is not the issue here.

8. No, attributing these deaths to gun control requires attributing them to access to guns as well, because none of those governments would have been in power had they not had access to firearms and weapons.

9. Well duh. It's not true.

10. This one is not true. Gun control laws dispropotionately affect law abiding owners, however reducing the overall supply of guns does affect non-law abiding gun owners as well, because prices increase.

11. No. In fact, there wasn't a second amendment case before the supreme court before the 1990s. Prior to the 1960s people had enacted all kinds of gun control. Then in the 9160s the black panthers used that to their advantage. Then we got more gun control (from people like Reagan). Then rural people saw that the government was trying to oppress black people and realized they might try for them next. That's how we got the NRA. Source: http://moreperfectunionpodcast.com/2017/10/10/more-perfect-union-gun-debate-segment/ I recommend that whole episode.

12. The Japanese decided not to invade us for a variety of reasons. The fact that we outnumber them massively, the difficulty of logistics in cross planet invasions, nuclear weapons, didn't actually want to invade us, etc. I agree that there might have been consideration for "all americans fighting us" or something along those lines, but the logsitics alone stopped that from ever happening long before "everyone in America has guns" being the reason.

13-15. Yes because they are all required to be part of a "Well regulated militia" that thing that we got told by republicans wasn't part of the constitution. They have rules regarding storage, usage, and maintenance of guns. They aren't allowed ammo in the house, that has to be given to them at a range if they want to use it, etc. You know, gun control?

16. If it was a no brainer we wouldn't be having this covnersation.

17. ...

18. We had 8 years of Obama, we still have our guns. The Republicans control all three branches of the government. Give me a break. This claim has never made sense. Further, if anyone honestly believes that militia would stand up to the US military you are sorely mistaken.

19. This one I agree with in general. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To summarize. It's bullshit. And, interestingly, for those who claim victory with their second amendment rights being upheld in Heller v DC, I'd remind you, that the majority opinion from the most conservative justices we've had in a long time allows for reasonable gun control. It's just that banning handguns out right wasn't allowed. 

So far I've seen far more erosion of rights despite us all owning guns then I've been lead to believe by gun rights activists. Where were your guns in protecting my privacy when the Patriot Act was passed? Where were they when COINTELPRO was happening? Where were they in the civil rights marches? When unarmed black people get shot? Where were they when the NSA spied on us all? Or drone strikes were authorized against American Citizens? Where were they when voting rights were taken away from minorities and liberals? When freedom of speech was trampled on by Erdogans Thugs? Despite gun ownership in America being incredibly high people are less free here than any other western country.